you
I'm looking forward to the group coming
together it's a new new group of guys
and you're catching the stuff and I'm
putting some good performances on the
pedicle can be proud of and also the
boys and coming good mates off the field
I think I'm also looking forward to
competing for a starting spot and the
loose for trio we've got some quality
loose forwards and is 33 of our soap and
sides all competing for the starting
spots so it's a it's a challenge i'm
looking forward to and if we get some
good game time looking forward to mixing
around and knowing the young voice
coming in acidity and new management as
well so get to know them as well
especially smithy and Dave yeah we'll be
forward to playing in the fun and
probably winning the first super title
with the Chiefs yeah
I'm looking hopefully looking forward to
our winning I saw winning the
championship and I'm getting some more
numbers down at our home games hopefully
getting some more game time on the field
and improving my rugby I'm looking
forward to getting back into New Zealand
rugby after being away for a while and
and just giving the ball in my hands and
competing off the other you have lots in
the team and to get a run out there play
some good rugby looking forward to the
challenges ahead with the chief with a
new coaching staff and new players to
reaching our goals for the season which
involves being in the finals and people
to getting out there and getting some
game time I'm Phil I'm looking forward
to a high final packed crowd and inside
ball from Sonny Bill Williams and escort
under the posts to win super super rugby
title for the Chiefs just just a good
season and played some good rugby with
some some great guys in the team and
just enjoying the occasions
look for 2 inning adding the respect of
our supporters a sponsor then you run
above with us and families and
I'm also looking forward to watching a
new group go together but a lot of fresh
faces it's a different team so I'm
looking forward to us being really
competitive and go